add system variable tidb_opt_range_max_size (#10935)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `OFF`
- Specifies whether to allow the optimizer to push `Projection` down to the TiKV or TiFlash coprocessor.

### tidb_opt_range_max_size <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `67108864` (64 MiB)
- Scope: `[0, 9223372036854775807]`
- Unit: Bytes
- This variable is used to set the upper limit of memory usage for the optimizer to build scan ranges. When the variable value is `0`, there is no memory limit for building scan ranges. If building exact scan ranges consumes memory that exceeds the limit, the optimizer uses more relaxed scan ranges (such as `[[NULL,+inf]]`). If the execution plan does not use exact scan ranges, you can increase the value of this variable to let the optimizer build exact scan ranges.

The usage example of this variable is as follows:

<details>
<summary><code>tidb_opt_range_max_size</code> usage examples</summary>

> View the default value of this variable. From the result, you can see that the optimizer uses up to 64 MiB of memory to build a scan range.

Author: ```suggestion
View the default value of this variable. From the result, you can see that the optimizer uses up to 64 MiB of memory to build scan ranges.
```

```sql
SELECT @@tidb_opt_range_max_size;
```

```sql
+----------------------------+
| @@tidb_opt_range_max_size |
+----------------------------+
| 67108864                   |
+----------------------------+
1 row in set (0.01 sec)
```

```sql
EXPLAIN SELECT * FROM t use index (idx) WHERE a IN (10,20,30) AND b IN (40,50,60);
```

> In the 64 MiB memory upper limit, the optimizer builds exact scan ranges `[10 40,10 40], [10 50,10 50], [10 60,10 60], [20 40,20 40], [20 50,20 50], [20 60,20 60], [30 40,30 40], [30 50,30 50], [30 60,30 60]`, as shown in the following execution plan result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the 64 MiB memory upper limit, the optimizer builds the following exact scan ranges `[10 40,10 40], [10 50,10 50], [10 60,10 60], [20 40,20 40], [20 50,20 50], [20 60,20 60], [30 40,30 40], [30 50,30 50], [30 60,30 60]`, as shown in the following execution plan result.
```
